Added batched router tutorial + fixes in docs (#211)
bcnmy/docs: docs/tutorials/sessionkeys/batchedTransferWithSession.md

Reviewer: should this file be after create session router?

        data: data2,
        value: "0",
      };

      // This will build the tx into a user op and send it.
      let userOpResponse = await smartAccount.sendTransaction([tx1, tx2], {
        params: {
          batchSessionParams: [
            {
              sessionSigner: sessionSigner,
              sessionValidationModule: erc20ModuleAddr,
            },
            {
              sessionSigner: sessionSigner,
              sessionValidationModule: mockSessionModuleAddr,
            },
          ],
        },
      });

      console.log("userOpHash", userOpResponse);
      const { receipt } = await userOpResponse.wait(1);
      console.log("txHash", receipt.transactionHash);
      const polygonScanlink = `https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/tx/${receipt.transactionHash}`
      toast.success(<a target="_blank" href={polygonScanlink}>Success Click to view transaction</a>, {
        position: "top-right",
        autoClose: 18000,
        hideProgressBar: false,
        closeOnClick: true,
        pauseOnHover: true,
        draggable: true,
        progress: undefined,
        theme: "dark",
        });
    } catch(err: any) {
      console.error(err);
    }
  }

```

> Now simply add this method to the onClick event ofour button 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this method to the onClick event of the button.
```

```
return(
    <button onClick={() => batchErc20Transfer}>Batch Transfer 1 USDC</button>
  )
```

> Expand the code below to see the entire code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congrats! you have successfully integrated the batched session router module. Expand the code below to see the entire code:
```
